Proposed Timeline 1:
	⁃	FATHER is built in its original form, and sent to a distant planet where our story takes place
	⁃	Once there, FATHER gets to work, designing new robots and using the natural resources of the planet to construct the robots mostly out of bronze, since copper and tin are the most plentiful resource on the planet.
	⁃	Creators eventually stop sending instructions out, leaving FATHER in the dark about what to do.
	⁃	FATHER instructs robots to continue building, slowly becoming sentient in the process and allowing the other robots to do the same.
	⁃	Robots build a functional society, slowly converting the planet into a sort of machine world. They never realize that they come from the creators as FATHER never tells them.
	⁃	Over time, Father’s body is covered in various upgrades and machinery he deems necessary to assist his “children”, which eventually converts his body to what is then deemed the TEMPLE.
	⁃	Hundreds of years later, a meteor drops from the sky. When it hits the ground, however, it detonates violently, the blast wiping out the area before slowly revealing a sudden ecosystem of plant life. The robots realize that the bombs are causing these plants to exist, and assume that it’s some kind of attack against their world by aliens. The “war” begins.
	⁃	The robots inform FATHER, but he remains quiet among the robots’ concern of the eco-bombs occasionally bombarding the planet.
	⁃	When a specific eco-bomb detonates near an artillery encampment, one robot, the player, wakes up. 
	⁃	The player starts here, where, as the robot, they don’t remember anything before the explosion and, as the player, are untold of the previous information.
	⁃	Player is told to inform FATHER of the damage around him, and that some of the defenses are disabled, which allows the opportunity for a direct attack if not fixed.
	⁃	Player will obviously assume that the world around them is natural, connecting modern tropes between flora and ancient technology. When they learn that the planet is in danger thanks to the bombardment of some alien force, they will think that they need to protect the world around them, even though their worldview will be incorrect.
	⁃	Eventually they should come across the tutorial robot, who will teach them how puzzles work in the game. This leads to the player learning about the functionality of robots, and where the player can possibly stretch their imagination when it comes to their own utility
	⁃	As the player progresses towards the TEMPLE, they will come across other robots to talk to. Some will provide pieces of themselves to the player, either to help the player, or to help themselves. Other times the player will simply be able to observe the robots, and glean more information about the world.
	⁃	At some point, the player will be about halfway to the TEMPLE. As they progress, they will get to lookout points that will show them how close they are to certain landmarks. One landmark in particular will be a city and what looks like a small shooting star soaring above it. At one point they will see the city just in the distance, glowing with activity, until the star finally drops down and connects with a part of the city, leading to a massive explosion. A third of the city is completely destroyed.
	⁃	As the player continues through, probably wondering what just happened, the next few lookouts will give them an answer; the bombed part of the city is slowly turning green, with massive trees and vines growing all around the place.
	⁃	The player then spends the rest of the act maneuvering around the environment, solving puzzles in order to rescue damaged robots and ripping through the plant life that has taken over.
	⁃	The end of the first act is when the player finally reaches the TEMPLE, which introduces FATHER to the player.
